heros:
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_01.jpg
description: '<p>These three books document works that furthered Ockerse’s interests based on the principles of concrete/visual poetry. He called his approach&nbsp;<i>“documentracing”</i>&nbsp;(cf. T. Ockerse), in which he extracted parts and wholes from media sources via chance operations.</p><p><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;TV DOCUMENTRACINGS</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;© 1973, Providence, RI&nbsp;</p><p>This booklet contains a collection of fifteen verbivisual/language works that use the television as a source for *<i>documentracing</i>&nbsp;parts and wholes, texts and images in a time/space sequence.&nbsp;</p><p>A limited edition of 300 numbered copies; 34 pages, 21 x 16.5 cm, printed offset.</p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>•&nbsp;&nbsp;PRINTED MATTER</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;© 1973, Providence, RI&nbsp;</p><p>This booklet contains a collection of ten verbivisual/language works that use printed matter (books, magazines, catalogues) as its source for&nbsp;<i>documentracing&nbsp;</i>parts and wholes, texts and images in a time/space sequence. A limited edition of 300 numbered copies; 29 pages, 21 x 16.5 cm, printed offset.</p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>•&nbsp;&nbsp;SON OF FURY</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;© 1973, Providence, RI&nbsp;</p><p>This is an original bookwork that sequences sixteen verbivisual drawings derived from the original two-hour movie (<i>Son of Fury: The Story of Benjamin Blake</i>, 1942, directed by John Cromwell) as a source to&nbsp;<i>documentrace</i>&nbsp;parts and wholes, texts and images. Chance operations determined the whole process for selections of texts, lines, placement of parts and the number of pages. A limited edition of 300 numbered copies; 34 pages, 21 x 16.5 cm, printed offset.</p>'
price:
  - 'for the set of three books: $ 60'
copyright: '1973'
images:
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_02.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_03.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_04.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_05.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_06.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_07.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_08.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_09.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_10.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_11.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_12.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_13.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_14.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_15.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_16.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_17.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_18.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_19.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_20.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_21.jpg
  - /assets/img/DocumTrs/DocumTrs_22.jpg
title: 'DOCUMENTRACINGS: a set of three books.'
id: e740cf4f-e444-48ad-98c7-874235d1e0d7
